Upgrade test - do not rerun green tests (#8046)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/end-to-end/upgrade/README.md

| **APP_KUBECONFIG_PATH** | NO | None | A path to the `kubeconfig` file needed to run an application outside of the cluster. |
| **APP_MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL** | NO | `1` | A maximum concurrency level used for running tests. |
| **APP_TESTING_ADDONS_URL** | YES | None | An external link to testing addons. |

> | **APP_WORKING_NAMESPACE** | No | `e2e-upgrade-test` | A namespace where the test is run. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_WORKING_NAMESPACE** | No | `e2e-upgrade-test` | A Namespace in which the test is run. |
```

> | **APP_TESTS_INFO_CONFIG_MAP_NAME** | No | `upgrade-tests-info` | A name of a config map, where the upgrade test framework stores information about passed tests. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_TESTS_INFO_CONFIG_MAP_NAME** | No | `upgrade-tests-info` | A name of a ConfigMap in which the upgrade test framework stores information about passed tests. |
```
